# Plotter , Slicer and Intergrator

The codes in this folder can be used to plot , slice and integrate.
* plot.py : plots given file
* scraping.py : slices the specified windows and outputs to different folder
* integration.py : Finds the average power of all the outputs generated by scraping.py in the given directory and dumps the results in a file.

## plot.py

To use this code run
```
python3 plot.py
```
When the program runs, it will ask for the path to the file to plot.
**The scepicified file must only contain the *y* values. There must be only one value per line.**

Using this program, find out a threshold which can be used to identify the start of an rx or tx.<br>
For example: the normal values oscilate between 20-25 and when there is an rx or tx, it jumps suddenly to more than 28. So, 28 can be used as threshold.<br>
Also find out the approximate span or width of a window from the plot. <br>**Keep a safety margin of say 5**<br>
For example : The rx_data file can be used with a span of 50.

*The output graph from plot.py can be zoomed. This will help in finding the threshold and span.*

## scraping.py

To use this code run
```
python3 scraping.py
```
When the program runs, it will ask for  
* The path to the file to slice.
* The threshold (discussed above)
* The span (discussed above)

**The scepicified file must only contain the *y* values. There must be only one value per line.**

The outputs will be generated in a new folder.

## integration.py

To use this code run
```
python3 integration.py
```
When the program runs, it will ask for  the path to the directory that holds the outputs of the previous program (scraping).
It will generate the results and dump them in the same directory into a file named **result**

This file will contain the average power in miliwat for all the slices.
